📝 Add Jekyll documentation (#438)
share/sharedb: docs/api/backend.md

{: .warn }
> The default option -- a new `MemoryDB` instance -- is a **non-persistent**, in-memory adapter and should **not** be used in production environments.

{: .d-inline-block }

`pubsub` -- [PubSub]({% link adapters/pub-sub.md %})

Optional
{: .label .label-grey }

> Default: new `MemoryPubSub` instance

> An instance of a ShareDB [Pub/Sub adapter]({% link adapters/pub-sub.md %}) that provides a channel for notifying other ShareDB instances of changes to data.

{: .info }
> The default option -- a new `MemoryPubSub` instance -- is an in-memory adapter.
>
> Unlike the [database adapter](#db--db), the in-memory Pub/Sub adapter *may* be used in a production environment, where Pub/Sub state need only persist across a single, stand-alone server.

{: .d-inline-block }

`milestoneDb` -- [MilestoneDB]({% link adapters/milestone.md %})

Optional
{: .label .label-grey }

> Default: `null`

> An instance of a ShareDB [milestone adapter]({% link adapters/milestone.md %}) that provides the data store for [milestone snapshots]({% link document-history.md %}#milestone-snapshots), which are historical snapshots of documents stored at a specified version interval.

{: .info }

> > If this option is omitted, milestone snapshots will **not** be enabled, but historic snapshots *may* still be fetched.

Reviewer: nit: Can we explain a bit more? I don't really understand how the two are different.

`op` -- Object

> The operation to submit

{: .d-inline-block }

`options` -- Object

Optional
{: .label .label-grey }

> Default: `{}`

> Options passed through to the [database adapter]({% link adapters/database.md %})'s `commit` method. Any options that are valid there can be used here

{: .d-inline-block }

`callback` -- Function

Optional
{: .label .label-grey }

> ```js
> function (error, ops) { ... }
> ```

> A callback that will be called with `ops`, which are the ops committed by other clients between the submitted `op` being submitted and committed

### getOps()

Fetches the ops for a document between the requested version numbers, where the `from` value is inclusive, but the `to` value is non-inclusive.

```js
backend.getOps(agent, index, id, from, to [, options [, callback]])
```

`agent` -- [Agent]({% link api/agent.md %})

> An [`Agent`]({% link api/agent.md %}) instance to pass to the middleware

`index` -- string

> The name of the collection or [projection]({% link projections.md %})

`id` -- string

> The document ID

`from` -- number

> The first op version to fetch. If set to `null`, then ops will be fetched from the earliest version

`to` -- number

> > The last op version. This version will *not* be fetched (ie `to` is non-inclusive). If set to `null`, then ops will be fetched up to the latest version

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
> The last op version. This version will *not* be fetched (i.e. `to` is non-inclusive). If set to `null`, then ops will be fetched up to the latest version
```
